#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As opposed to the conventional work of doing a model to forecast the conditional
 mean, our work focus on finding a distribution for 
\begin_inset Formula $y_{t}$
\end_inset

 on each 
\begin_inset Formula $t$
\end_inset

.
 There are two main approaches while modelling a time series distribution:
 consider it known a priori or estimate ir nonparametrically.
 Among the former are the ARIMA or GAS models.
 On the latter, we highlight the works of -__completar aqui_____ .
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Quantile Regression is a powerful tool for measuring quantiles others than
 the median or predicting the mean.
 A quantile of a random variable is important in risk measuring, as we can
 measure the probability of occurrence of extreme events, and in many other
 fields.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this work, we apply a few different techniques to forecast the quantile
 function a few steps ahead.
 The main frameworks we investigate are parametric linear models and a non-param
etric regression.
 We also investigate how to apply quantile estimations to produce an empirical
 distribution for the 
\begin_inset Formula $k$
\end_inset

-step ahead forecasting by using a nonparametric approach.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We find a time series model, based on quantile autoregression (as in Konker
 2005).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As we are interested in the whole distribution of 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{y}_{t+k|t}$
\end_inset

, we estimate a phin grid of quantiles in 
\begin_inset Formula $0<\alpha_{1}<\alpha_{2}<\dots<\alpha_{|A|}<1$
\end_inset

, such that the distribution can be well approximated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a Quantile Autoregression model, we are interested in selecting the best
 subset of variables to model the time series.
 Many works have 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As we are trying to model the whole 
\begin_inset Formula $k$
\end_inset

-step ahead distribution, we estimate many quantiles.
 We didn't find any previous work where a given 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha$
\end_inset

-quantile model influenced another model.
 It is logical to think that if we have 
\begin_inset Formula $q_{\alpha}()$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
